<p>
LOCAL AND GENERAL.

~~. —

Nile Steamer’s Mishap.

The Nile steamer Victoria burst a cylinder
last week and was being towed by a tug when
the latter sank. An engineer and a sailor were
drowned.

The Late M. Felix Suares.

The bust of the late M. Felix Suarés which
is to be erected in the Umberto I. Hospital
Cairo, by the Italian Benevolent Society, will
be unveiled on March 17.

Field Day.

The British troops in Cairo were exercised
today, Major General Bollock, C.B.. acting as
umpire-in-ch et. The troops were divided into
two forces, Red and Blue.

Band Performance.

By kind permission of Lient.-Col. E. Harbert,
M.V O., and officers, the string band 6th
inveigling Dragoons will play a programme
of music at the National Hotel on Wednesday
trum 4 to 6 p.m.

Scene In the Eebekieh,

A horrible affair occurred in the Esbekieh
quarter of Cairo on Thursdsy night. A man
had dispute with a barmaid in a bar there
and poked the young woman’s eye out with
his walking-stick. He took to flight and
has not been seen since.

Pleadings In English.

For the first time since the admission of
English as one of the judicial languages
recognised in the Mixed Conrte a case was
pleaded in English last week. This interesting
event took place in the Commercial Court of
the Mixed Court of Alexandria.

Capture of Smugglers.

QO. Friday night, the Coast Guard patrol
seized 250 kilos of hashish, which was contained
in eight sacks, on the Mex coast. At the same
time, two of the smugglers, who had been in
hiding bat were perceived by the patrol, were
captured and placed under arrest.

Visit of Chaplain General.

'Th- R. Rov. bi-hop Taylor Smith, C.V.O.,
D.D., Chaplain General to the Forces, will
hold a confirmation on Tuesday, 26th iest., at
3 o'clock, in H.B.M.’s Garrison Church of St.
George, Mustapha Pasha, and will also give
an address at 6 o'clock in the Sailors’ and
Soldiers Institute, Alexandria.

Buigarian v. Creek.

The Desc messes’ Hospital at Alexandria
is served by a Bulgarian milkman. Last week a
Greek milkman went to the hospital and tried
to get its onstom. The Bulgerian beard of this
competition and when he met the Greek in 
Saletr-ed-Din-street he attacked him with great
ferocity. The Greek Consulate bas opened an
enquiry.

French Benevolent society.

In accordance with the notice printed on
the tickets, the lottery of the French Benevolent
Society was drawn yesterday at 11 a.m. in the
offices of the French Consulate, and in the
presence of the members of the committee.
The painting “La Mare aux Fées,” from
Rigollot, fell to the lot of the owners of the
ticket No. 533, Messrs. the Eastern Tele-
graph Co., Ltd.

“The Dean's Building.

Lady Cromer has kindly consented to lay
the foundation stone of the “Dean’s Building”’
in Boulac. The Bishop in Jerusalem will con-
duct the service. The ceremony will take
place at 3 30 p.m. on Wednesday, 27th inst.
The Building will consist of an English school,
a large room for servicer, and fists for the head
mistress and the assistant chaplain. The site,
the area of which is near'y 500 square metres,
is situated a little to the left of where the
Touret Badran crosses the Sharia Ghesizet
Badran as one goes down the latter road from
the Shoubra Bridge.

An Epidemic of Fires.
Five fires occurred in Alexandria last night,
and the Fire Brigade, under Yonsha- bi Waller,
was busily engaged in coping with its many
calls. The co: fi:gratiors tok place at Bab
Sidre, where a stable cangh’ fi e ; at Gheit el-
Boab, on the south bank of the cana’, where a
large etraw store was bornt out ; in Ree
Hamawil, where a beer shop was bornt ; in Rue
Abon Siri, where a oafé canght fire; ard lastly
in a shop in Sisters-street. The most serionr of
these ronflagrations was that on the canal. The
fire broke ont in a very large store of straw and
it was only got ander with great d ffienlty, the
hose having to be laid across the canal under
the water. The Fire Brigade was hard at work
there for two hoarse, from 11.50 p.m. to 2 a.w.

Steam Pioughing Maohinery.

Masxrs. Allen Alderson &amp Co, Limited,
Alexandria and Cairo, have the pleasore to
alivise their friends and all pereons interested
in egricaltare that Mr. Alfred Fowler, a di-
rector of Meesrs. John Fowler &amp Co., Ltd., the
woll-known makers of steam plooghing machi.
nery, is now in Cairo, as is also Mr. H C.
Dabargnet, an engineer and exoert of the same
firm. Mt.Fowler is staying at the Savoy Hotel,
Cairo, and Mr. Deborgaet at Shepheard’«.
Both gentlemen, who have a large and varied
experience all over the world, will be very
~ Pleased to inspect estates, at their own ex
pense entirely, and advire as to the baat steam
coltivatiog machinery to be employed t obtain
the best resalts at the cheapest cost. Meserr.
Jhon Fowler &amp Co., Lid, will bave @ good
display of their steam plonghing mechinery
at the Cairo Show from the 28th Febraary to
the 4:h March, and will be plessed to give
every information to ip’erested persons

NILE COMPANY.
of Geods between Alexandria and Cairo.
E SAILINGS A-WEEK.

——_—

—— ——

FORTHCOMING FLOTATIONS.

 

ENGINEERING COMPANIES.

——

Among the masees of banking, financial,
transport, indastrial, technical and commercial
companies, which are shortly to be fl atedin
Beypt, there are some interesting engineering
companies, details of which are given below.

WATSON AND COMPANY.

We hear on good anthority that the well-
k-own engineering firm of Mossrs. William
Watson and Co. of Alexandria is shortly to be
tarned into a limited liability companv, onder
Rgyotisn law. Sir John R. Bllerman, Birt , of
Lordon (of ‘he B''erman Line of Steamer, )
and Mersra. James Moes and Co., of Liverpool,
(managers of the Moss SS Co., Limited)
will be interested in the new company
Messrs R.J. Moss and Co, of Alexandcia
and Cairo, have been inetromental in tring:
ing the negotistione to a concinsion with
Mr. William Wateon, of Banff, N.B., and
with Mr. James Watson, of Alexandria. The
bnainess will be carried on as heretofore and
considerable extensions are contemp'a’ed in
the near fature.

UNITED DELTA ENGINEERS, LIMITED.

Another important engineering company
will shortly be flrated in Beypt. lt embraces
the basiness of Messrs. Dowie and Company,
of Port Said, Messrs. Mardoch and Templeton,
of Mansoarah, and the British Bogineeriag
Compary, of Alexandria. It is to be registered
in Bngland ander the titlg ofthe United Delta
E»gineerr, Limited. Tté capital is to be
£200,000 and there wi!l be 19,000 foanders’
shares of one sh'lling each. Ths company will
be floated at the ead of next month The
board will consiet of Dr. Mi'ton, Colonel
Gordon, Mr. Mordoch, Mr. Williamson, Mr.
Baynes, and Mr. Wilson, of London.

ANGLO EGYPTIAN COMMERCIAL CO.
The board of directors of this company is

Panos Alexakis, aud Mr. Aristide Giro, of
Alexandria.
COMPANY ACTIVITY.

The crowds of new fiotations, which are to

be placed before the Ezyptian poblicin the

pear tatore, are giving a great deal of work to
onr local lawyers, and there is considerable

activity being displayed in drawing up the:

numerous new aren ‘es. in London the
printing firms ba a great deal of extra
work thrown on their hands by the phenomenal
nomber of new Beyptian flo ations and

firms are busily engaged in making pl of
thonsands of bearer warrants and foon ry
shares, which are eventoal!ly to find t ay
into the possession of the Bgyptian pablio. Mb
shortest period in which a plate c&ampn be execn-
ted isa month and the average cost of a plate
for acompany ix £5 These plates are engraved
and the great London printers have artists
apecially for the work of sketching for the
plstas. Many of the forthcoming flotations for

the Egyptian market are very tast+fal prodac- |

tions. with charming views of Byyptiao roins,
Pyramide, Sphiuxee, Nile landscapes, and sach
like looal scenes. Some of the new founders’
shares are sore to tempt the Byyptian investor
as they will be beaatifal eamplas of the highest
type of English artistic priuting and the
designs alone ought to send the shares up toa
premiom. The engraving departments of the
London firme, who devote themeelves to this
class of work, have been extraordinarily bosy
tor the laet threa months on Bzyptian com-
panies, and Messrs Waterlow Bros. and Layton
inform os that they have daring the present
season turned ont some handreds of thousands
of bearer Warrants fur Bgypt.

 

THB CENSUS OF EGYPT.

The time for the Censos is drawing near.
Many perrons have already been appointed
cenana enumerators ; others will be appoivted
shortly. Here and there there seems to be an
impression that cersas work is very onero”s
and unpleasant, and is likely to interfere with
the enomerator,’ regolar doties. This im-
pression is entirely erroneoas. It is hoped that
the following considerations wil show that
Government intend in every way to study the
convenience of enamerators and make their

 

4

THs Bains ¢

See

TRAGEDY AT SEA.

 

WELL KNOWN MINISTER DROWNED

There are many in Alexandria who will learn
with pai of the tragedy which ocourred on
board the Papayanni 8.8. Ararat on her way
rom Liverpool to Alexandris.O “ie of the passen-
gers of the.vesee!,which arrived here yesterday,
was the Rev. M.T.S. Taylor, B.D., well known
and respected at Alegandria, who was on bie
way ont @ join the Soottish Mission here. On
erqniring for bim on board yesterday a party
of friends, who had gone down to the dooks to
meet him, were horrified to learn that the
reverénd gentleman had disappeared overboard
daring a storm in the Bay of Biscay.

Three days previous to this occurrence the
rhip's carpenter was swept overboard by @
heavy sea and was likewise drowned.

THE KH8&ampDIVE.

 

The Khedive, who spent yesterday at
Koubbeh Palace, came this morning to Abdeen,
where he presided over the Coancil of Ministers

| and offisially received the new Belgian Diplo

matic Agent, who presented his credentia.s to
hie Highness.

The Khedivial Ball which was to have been
held on the 28th inst, and was postponed in
conseqrence of the death of Prince Abmed
Kame: Pasha, will now (says “Al Abram”) be
held at Abdeen Palace shortly after the
expiration of the period of mourning, whn the
Maieh will issae tresh iavitations for the ball,

LORD CROMHR'S RETURN.

' Lord and Lady Cromer returned from Upper

Egypt shortly before 12.a.m. on Sanday.
‘Both are in excellent bealt.

Oar Minieh Correspondent writes :—Lord
Crower arrived here yesterday (Friday) évening

composed as follows : Sir West Ridgeway, late from his trp to Upper Egypt. Accompanied
Governor of Ceylon; dir E. Constantine Phipps, by the Mondir and Mr. Hopkios, the inspector
the Rarl of Fiogall, Mr. Jscob Hessler, Mr.) of the Interior, his lordship visited the
children’s hospital, the animal infirmary, the

bouse of Mr. Ryks, agent of the National
Bank, etc. His lordship left to day (Satarday)
for Cairo.

 

THB SPREAD OF EDUCATION
The movement in favour of the nsion of
edacation gains ground dai'y. Un Thorsdsy
afternoon a meeting was held at the Moudirieh
of Dekehlieh and the Moadir addressed a
siveting of \ocal notables with great e'oquence,
urfing them to subscribe for the foundation of
at Mansoursh, where teachers for the
since a class for which ‘here is a very great
demand, could be trained. The notables then
and there gave practical proof of their sym-
patby with the Mondirs svoggestion by
subscribing L.E. 1,500 for this parpose.
AS

THE CAPITULATIONS.

 

Mr. Edward Dicey, in “Tbe Egypt of the
Fatare,” severely criticises Lord Cromer’s
proposals in regard to the Capitalations. In an
intere- ting passage be remarks :—

“The decision of the Algeciras Conferenge,
cemfirming as it does the non-validity of the
free hand accorded to Frange in Morocco by
the Anglo-French Agreement, app ies logically
to the trea hand im Eyypt accorded to England
by France. ‘

‘According to the precedent established at
Algecirar, any E :ropean Power which has poli-
tical or commercial interests or rights in
E,ypt would be entitled to refase her consent
to any sabstantial changes which England
might propose to introdace into the relations
between Egypt and other Cuntinental powers,
till thése changes have been approved by as
laternational Conference. There can be no
ressopable doubt that it sach a Conference

' were to meet, i's first step woald be to demand

an explicit explanation from Bogland as to
whether she intends her military occapation to
be permanent or temporary ; and, on the latter
bypothesis, when the occopation was to end,
or, on the former hypothesis, what guarantees
were to be given for the preservation of the
rights now possessed io Egypt by the sabjecte
of other nations than the two parties to the
free-hand agreement. [f this is so, I think all
British states«men—to whatever party they

MAAN Py

, may belong, or whatever their views may be as
‘to the internal administration of Ezypt—will
‘agree with me in holding that the present
' moment is singalarly infelicitous fr proposing
\ the formal recognition of a British Protectorate

work as poblic servants as easy #8 porsible.

It is being arranged that, so far ae practic-
able, each person choren ta be an enumerator
shell enomerate a block of honoree near his

home, that is to say, in a neighbourhood where
he is likely to be more or less kuown as 6
friend and a neighboor.

Except for a few hours on a single night
(that of the 29 b April, 1907) the enameration
can be done at leisnre The preliminary work
of writing ap the schedules can be spread over
six werks, or more, and can be dune by the
evomerator a few minttes at a time whan be

over Bgypt, or for suggesting the expediency
of cance!ling the Capitalations and abolishi:g
the Ioternational Tribenals.”’

ALEXANDRIA’S ROADS.

A motorist writes: The state of the roads
in Alexandria is disgracefal. There bas been a

 

 

ia not otherwise engaged. It need not in any , hole you could lose horse in in the asphslte
way interfere with his ordinary avocations.@ | pesr'y oatsite the “Egyptian Gasstte” offices
Printed inetroctiors as to How to fill op the since November. Tbe asphalte of Rue Toas-
census schedale bork, Which is sa; p'ied to | soun Pasha and that by the French Consulate
each enomerator, are bound op in the book isas bad, while no macadamising has been
itaelf, bet enomerators “desirone of farther done anywhere for nearly a year. M tor-owner
i: formation or advice will be able to obtain it | need never expect sympatby, bat here, we
from the Ce sus Meawin of the Kiem in which get a whacking grest tax for owning them,
they reside, or at the Central Censos Offoe, avd the people who tax as leave the roads
Old Mevebieh Tribonal, Alexandria. in such a state that car cars get rained ip
Enomerstors and employers of efumeratore|&amp few months |
alike are asked tp the above facta in mind,

| enough people ableso read and write in
for it to be possible to carry oof the oenso
‘the same way that # js carried oat in Boropesp

‘and to remember that this poblic doty has

NE
Hamburg &amp Anolo-American |

been laid open b-tter educated rection. pf
the commonity OM'y because there are

:
a

CARLTON HOTEL

Y (near Alexandria) half way to 8an Stefano
LEH’S FASHIONABLE HOTEL.
P.T. 60 a day with Monthly Terms

Vieltere from at Old! Gaber.
Proprietor, O. AQUILIN A, (Late of Thee. Cook &amp Sens)

— . 16, — Dinner, F.T, 20,

1

SA VOY PWIA HOARE,

SATURDAY’S INAUGURATION.

The formal inaugoration of the latest ad-
dtion to. the hotels of Alexandria, the new
Sivoy Palace Hote! in Rosetta-avence, took
pace on Saturday last and proved a most
successful social function, Invitations to an
‘st home” in the afternoon had been issued
by the management in ao liberal manner and
these were #0 largely responded to that »
continaal stream of visitors, representing the
tenk and fashion of Alexandria; poored into
the hotel from 4 to 7 pm., the nomber of
g 'e+ts present being estimated at over 2 000.

We have slready given our readers a de
tsiled description of the Savoy Palace, so that
it is needless to recapitolate here. Bveryone,
however, who visited the salons and rooms
of the hotel, most of which were thrown open
te: the guests, were load in their praises of
the megaificent farnishings and eqaipment
of the house, which, as we have slready
aid, ie equal to any first-class hostelry in
Cairo or ont of it. e delightfal winter
gdeo came in for ial admiration, and
hare it was that the nomerons goeste
wore regaled at a sumptoous boffet, which,
notwithstanding the evormonos demands on
it, never seemed to feel the strain. While
the guests indelged in refreshments the band
of the Reyal Dublio Fosiliers, ander Band-
master Fawoett, kindly lent for the occasion,
d scourred a choice selection of masic, of
whieh the programme follows :-—

Khedivial Hymn.

God save the King.

Maroh—Les Gamins de Paris—Berger.
Reminiscences of All Nations—Godfrey.

Dasoriptive Pitoe—The Phantom Brigade— M yddieton.
Li cidental music to Monsiour Beaucaire— Rosse, Buca-
Two Step—Whietling Rufus—Kerry Millo. _[lossi

It was not till close on eight o'clock before
the last of the guests bidden to the inaugara-
tion had left the hotel, all enchanted with
what they had seen, and preparations were
then made forthe dinver given by the hotel
d rectors to a namber of their friends and
representatives of the Press. This took place
at: nine o'clock, over 150 covers being . laid in
the beautifal dining room, which was almo+t
dazs!ing with its myriads of electric lights and
bright decoration. To say thst the mono 4 8
d nner was excellent woa'd be according bot
feint praise, The Savoy Palace bas manifestly
acq tired the services of a master of the calinary
at, and be was evidently bent on making a
svcce-s of the inaugaral dinver. That he
avhieved this success was the onanimous
vVirdict of all the gaests. The menn is worthy
0” reprodoction, and wa give it below -—

Caviar—Seumon fumé
Consommé double tasse
Créme d’artichauts

Poulardes &amp la Neva ’
Granite Vve. Clicquot
Perdreaux truffes sur canapes
Salade Rachel
Asperges en branches, sauce mal taise

P aux violettes

Geaux Montpensier
Mi ises

Fruits et dessert
Sherry — Madére— Portwine
Niersteiner—Sauternes 1899— Beaune
Pontet-Canet 1900—Due de Montebello cachet rouge
Pommery et Greno godt americain

Great credit is dae to Mr. Radolf Springer,
of "Al Hayat fame,” who is general manager,
and Mr. As Auber, the manager of the hotel, for
the great sncce:s of Satorday’s arrangements,
which were carried oot without the slightest
bh toh.

We onderstand that a large nomber of
rvome of the hotel are already occupied and
the management expect to be fall up soon.

The winter garden of the hote!, which is
pirbape its most striking featare, promises to
b:oome a very popolar rendezvons for afternoon
tua. Yesterday, something like 800 teas were
evrved to a fashionable gathering. An Italian
o-chestra discoursed masic, and will continue
te do 80 every afterooon from 5 to 6.

NT
CONCERT AT SAVOY PALACKB.
There was considerable gratification to be
derived from last night's piaorf rte and violin
reoital at the Savoy Palace Hotel, not only
bacanse concerts have this season been conspi-
cious by their absence, bat also from the
singularly correct and pleasant manner in
which the Marqois Francesco Filiasi and
Maestro Vinoe:zv Cantani’s programme was
ececated. To begin witb, Grieg’s Sonata
()p. 45) was effectively interpreted, par-
t calarly as regards the pianoforte score. Chopin
was then drawn upon for two Preludes (17-22)
which were ascoorately taken ; followed by
Nootarne No. 1 (Op. 62), which proved less
attractive than its successor, the Polonaise No.
9 (Op. 40). Here the Marqaise Filiasi’s tech-
niqne showed to great advantage, though his
touch is perhaps not all that might be desired.
Maestro Cantaoi then gave two movements of
Max Broach, of which the rendering of the
Adagio was as expressive and delicate as that
cf the Allegro was’ brecing and spirited. This
sas followed by a stirring 12) for pianoforte
ty Luigi Piliasi. Of the Marquis’s own composi.
tions we preferred the fir-t, a very suave and
raelodious Romearss; for his he sorka de
(loncert may be ssid to rather leck sympath
tnd locidity. The programme concladed with
Wieniawsky's Fantasy on Gounod’s “Faust,”
which extremely diffi» It and somewhat onre-
1oar erative piece was brilliantly exeoated by
){aestro Cantani.
The reetavrant of the new hetal lends itself
pretty wel fir entertairmenta «f this descrip.
‘jon, though the acoustic leaves eometbing to
we wiebed tor, avd we sbould call the manage-
oent’s atteution to the noise of clinking
lasses and stage whispers proceeding from the
cervice qaarters.

| GARRIT NOMS.

ene a

AMATEUR THEATRICALS.

—_——

(From oun CorrEesPonpent. )
Larwaca, 13th Pebroary.

On Friday, 7th inst., advantage was taken
of the presence in Nicosia of several visitors
trom the districts who had come up to see “The
Gsisba” to arrange a subscription dance at
the theatre. The house was tastefully decorated
and the stage was converted into a lounge.
The dance was tairly well attended and it is
said that a small som will be banded over to
tbe hospitals from the proceeds.

So marked was the success recorded last
week of the “Geisha” performances, that an
invitation promptly came from Famagusta for
the company to proceed there and act on
Sstorday, the 9th, in sid of the local hospital.
The company according'y lett Nicosia that
afternoon, the station being crowded to witness
their deperture. The inhabitants of Fama-
gusta also tarned oat in force to weloome them
on atrival and there was moch coming and
goltig between the hotels, club, abd private
houser, where different members of the
caste were being billeted. The local stage and
room were too small to aonveniently hold so
large a nomber of performers but the play
went well and was excellently received, and,
after defraying all expenses, a asefal little
som will be handed over to the hospital.

Heavy rains have again fallen over 4 large
partof the Island, which is now clothed ih
verdant green.

We learn that Mr. J. A. Bucknil], son of Mr.
Justice Backoill, has been appointed to the
office of King’s Aivocate in Cyprar, in sooces-
sion to Mr. W. Rees Davies. Mr. Backnill has
lately been Commissioner and Registrar of
Companies and Trades Marks in the Transvaal.

We are glad to learn that Mise Michell,
danghter of the Commissioner of Limassol,
who was thrown from her horse a wesk or two
azo and severely shakeo, is now very mach
better.

The sponge fishing Season of 1906 was very
succes fal, the total catch being far larger
than in the last few yoars, and the prices
obtained on sale were also higher.

 

CONCERT AT BRITISH CLUB.

The second of « series of concerts which are
now being gives at the Britich Clob, Alex-
andria, took place on Satordey evening last,
with Adairal Sir Morsie Blomfield, K.C.M.G.,
in the chair. There was a large attendar ce
of members and their lady friends and the
room reserved for the concert was filled to
overfl»wing. The programme on this occasion
was due to the eff rte of Mr. A. R. Brown,
who recent'y accepted the chairmanship of the
Botertainment Committee, and be, must have
been jost!y proad of the reselt of ‘his work of
the past week or two, for we were presented
with a capital entertainment lasting about
three hours, and the arrangements left nothing
to be desired.

The programme comprised the following :
pisnoforte solo, Mr. A. W.C. Roll ; solo, "The
little red Fox,” Mr. J. B. Clarke; ‘oallo solo,
“My Dream,” Mr. AG. Lias; bomoroas
song, “Tobermory,” Mr. J. Mitchell ; song,
“Twankydillo,” Mr. H. EB (©. Moas; solo,
“Glorious Devon,” Mr. G. Fergason ; masical
interlade, Mr. U. W. Shirre ff; violin and piano
doet, ‘ Polonaise,’ Mr. T Gilmour and Miss
Bell; song, “Go to See,” Mr. Harold Shel-
drick ; pianoforte solo, Mr. A. W. ©. Roll;
song, “Lorraine Lorraine Lorree,”” Mr. J. B.
Clarke ; violin and piano duet, (a) Intermesz,
“Cavalleria Rastioan:,”  ‘ Shepherds’ Dance,”
Mr. Gilmour and Miss Bel! ; solo, ‘‘Deathless
Army,” Mr. Harold) Sheldrick ; song, “The
Three Beggars,” Mr. H. EB. C. Mose; solo,
‘Oat on the Deep,” Mr. G. Pergason ; homo
rous song, ‘Ssf.est o' the fami'y,” Mr. J
Mitchel!; sketch (a) Imitation of a 38 act
British Draws,” (6) ‘ My Experience of Italian
Opera,” Mr. C. W. Shirreff.

It wHs a plessare to listen to every one of
the above it:»ms, and we hope that it will’be
our good fortane to hear them repeated very
soon. We wonld especially mention the fine
voice of Mr. G. Fergasor, who delighted the
audience with his singing; the violin and
pianoforte duets of Mr. Gilmoor and Mise Bell,
which were rendered with brilliant taate and
execation ; the comic songs of Mr. J. Mitchell,
inclading some “patter” rendered with »
genuine Scotch accent which was extremely
amusing; and last bat pot least, the droll
homoar of Mr. 0. W. Shirreff, who kept his
hesrers in contianous roars of lgoghter with
his clever ‘‘Trioks” and ‘Sketehes.”

At the close of the concert Mr. W. F
Sirjeant proposed a hearty vote of thark«
to M. A. R Brown for having been responsible
for sach an enjoyable evening, and to all those
who bad so kind'y given the'r assistance. “ The
proposal was promptly responded to by three
roaring cheers io the good old British f-shior,
and the evening was bronght to a close by the
singing of the National Anthem.

Members of the club are remioded that a
progressive whist party will be held on Sator-
day next, commencing at 9 p.m., and progres
sive bridgs is arranged fer the following
Saturday.

STEAMER. MOVEMENTS.

The Bilerman liver Fabian sailed hence
yesterday for Liverpool direct with a geveral
cargo, including 4,109 bales of cottor.

The Message: ies Maritimes 8.8. Niger, from
Marseilles, psesed the Straits of Messins on
Saturday and is due at Alexandria to-morrow
morning.

¢

 

 

Lord and Ledy Hastings arrived in London
Inet Toesday from Saserx, and left on Thars-
day for Egypt, prooseding direct to Khartoum.
Oo their retora to Cairo they will be the guests
ot the Berl and Countess of Cromer. From
Egypt they go to the Italian Laker, and do not
tetarn to Bogland until May.

—

Lord and Lady Hastings are on their bovey-
moon, Lord Hastings having married Miss
Madge Neville on the 12th inst. Lord Cromer
is the greatoncle of the bridegroom

ri

of Hastings, of which
twenty first holder, comes
the baronage.

 

The Marqais Salvago-Raggi, late Italien
Diplomatic Agent at Cairo, will arrive here
next month in order to present his letters of
recall to the Hibedive and afterwards will
proceed to his new post at Brythrea.

Bir William Willoocks is now in the
bourhood of the Great Lakes at the
of the Nile. He will
Csiro at the end of next
is op a pleasure trip in order to satiefy his
longing to see the sources o
se rales Oi ape, eee

so mach towards eluci
weuiddie

Ee

 =~

resumed his: ffivial daties this morning.

The late @ 0.C. in Bzypt is arriving at Port
Said shortly. Sir Reginald and Lady Talbot
having lett Melbourne recently by the Mooltan

Mr.Cathbert Elwiv Palmer, son of the late Sir
Elwin Palmer, K.C.B. K.C.M.G., was married
at Bt. George's, Hanover Square, on the
15th inet.,to May, daoghter of Mr. Peithfall
Begg, of 24, Lansdowne Road, Holland Park.

 

Another marriage of interest to Anglo
Egyptians was thet of Mr. Percy Newberry,
the well-known Egyptologist, who was recently
appointed to the Branner Professorship of

ology at the Univetsity of Liverpool,
aud Miss E.sie Winifred youngest
daughter of Mr. William J. hneton, of Woodslee,
Bromboroogh, Che-hire. The ceremony was
performed at St. Barnabas Charch, Brombo-
rough, on the 12th. inst., the officiating olergy
being'the Rev. Wilism Mann, M.A. (cousin of
the bridegroom) and the Rev. R B. Roberts, M. A,

 

Lady Hantivgton is now ocotpying the suite
of rooms at the Savoy lately vacated by Sir
Ernest Cassel.

 

Mr. and Mrs. Constantioe Meiimarachi, who
have been at Alexandria in order to attend
the inavguration of the Savoy Palace Hotel,
returned to Cairo to-day by the midday trein.

 

Among the latest arrivals at the Savoy
Hotel, Port Seid, we notice: —Dr. Milten, Mr.
C.Higains, Prof. and Mme Wiedemann, Mr.
and Miss Tadd; Mr aod Mrs. Stoeger, Mre.
MacM.inoe, Mies Petitte, Mr, Mrs. and Mies
Golyer, Miss Randall, Mrs, Gréene, Mr. and
Mrs. Chapman, Mr. Pope, Mr. B. H. V.
Melville, Sarsock Bey, Miss Wiegmann, Dr.
Weidner von Streglich and family, Mr. Stan-
ton, Mise Sollivan, Miss Olding, Mr, Karl Beer,
Mv. and Miss Acatt, Capt. Ogilby and party,
Mr. Miall, Messrs von Heordt, Mrs. and Miss
Norwood, Mr. and Mra. Cartia, M. and Mme
Brooho, Mr. and Mes. Kellogg, Mr. and Mrs.
Biddulph, M. ag Mme von Koch, Mr.
Mathews, Mr. Kirken.

ee
BULLETIN DEBE LA BOURSE

(Aujourd hui &amp midi ot demic.)

Il y a en ce matin on mieox sensible pour
toate ane catégorie dé valeurs: Nungovich
Hotel, Nile Lind, Cassa di Sconto,. Union
Fovoiére, Ritz Hotels, etc. Mais l'ensemble de
la cote est platét en baisse, quoique avec on
mouvement de transactions plus actif que os
joore derviers. .

L'Union Foncidre s’avance &amp 6 6/16, les
Nangovich &amp 80, la Nile Land &amp 94 1/4, le
Cassa di Soonto &amp 275 |’ancienne et 468 la
nouvelle, la Delta Light &amp 11 9 16.

Par contre, lee Tramweys d’Alezandrie fié-
chisrent &amp 190 les Privilégiées ot :55 les Divi-
dender, la Dutra &amp 17 1/8, la Salt and Soda &amp
2! /6, les Lota Toros &amp 155, et la Building Lands
&amp 6 3/4.

Les Rits cldtarent &amp 3, |’United & 1 7/88,
Arditi® 1 8/16 \’action et 20 lea fondateur,
la Levico &amp 1 7/82. |

Sar le reste avcan changement.

Il west produit au début de la séance an
ares fort moavement sur le Crédit Franco-
Ezyptien, mais plos tard l’attention s'est con-
centrée sur les valeurs mentionnées plus haut
et particalidrement sur |’Union Fonciére.

On a fait circaler le broit que cette dernidre

coscla une excellente affaire de terraiv,
et que M. Bacos (probablement pour le
de la Nile Land) aursit é le
Gabbari pour la somme ,200,00¢
Nous eignalons ces remears sous

i

3
i

i ca
<p/>
